The app is pretty much done, which is wonderful news, but if you look at the bill, form can see that
we have a lot of state inside of this class that are attached to bill form.
Now the thing that we've learned earlier and we should always keep in mind is that it is a very good
idea to always hoist this state up to the calling of function or to call in composable meaning that
bill form is being called where, well, it's being called is being called.
Instead of main content.
We should hoist some of the state to main content and again understand that sometimes that may not be
possible depending on the structure of your code.
That's OK.
But this is something that you should always keep in mind.
So let's see if we can host some of these.
Values or some of these states.
So the first thing I'm going to do notice or bill form here, and we have modified which we haven't
used a default argument here to say that if something is passed, that's fine.
If not, we're just going to pass a default one.
This is what it means.
OK?
And then we're passing on value change.
That's reason why we're able to do this.
This was just for testing purposes.
We can pass the bill and do all sorts of things, but we want to be able to hoist some of this state
to put inside of our main content because this is the composable that's calling our bill form.
So it's just separate or to make this bill form relatively stateless.
We were not going to be able to do fully stateless, but at least a relatively stateless list hosts
some of these guys.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to pass a few parameters or arguments here.
I'm going to say, first of all, is going to be range is going to be an inch range.
When I said it to between one and 100.
So what I'm doing here is that we're going to use this range in a second here.
What are we doing here?
I'm saying I want to create a range which is going to be used, you know, a slider here.
This is going to be between one and 100.
This is how we do it in codling.
All right.
So the next thing we are going to pass, it's going to be this split by.
State and since I'm going to be passing it as a state, which means we will have to create it somewhere.
Might the calling function, I'm going to say mutable, I'm going to put past the type immutable state.
Such and I need to say the type that it's expecting inside of these angle brackets, so the type is
going to be into such good, the next is going to be tip amount.
State.
It's going to be the same thing, immutable state.
This case is going to be a double OK.
And in total, for a person, it's going to be a mutable state again.
Also a double like this.
Let's change this one state says state like that.
And now you can see if you go down here, you can see we have all of these that indeed can be changed.
So at this point, I'm going to just go ahead and cut all of this as such, and we're going to move
all of that to the calling function like this.
And then we're going to pass that through here.
So the first thing, let's say, let's start here.
So let's start with split by state.
I'm going to pass this split by state, OK?
And then let's say tip a Mount St. Mary pass tip and Mount St. like that and total per person states
and be able to total per person state such.
So we have this land there.
We don't really need it.
So I'm going to just get rid of that altogether.
Or in pass, nothing like this for our bill form.
So now we have hoisted some of these states to the calling composable function.
We didn't do all of them, but at least we did some of them.
Now you see the Rangers not being used.
This is, of course, optional in that if you go back to our bill form, you know, range here, if
you don't pass anything, we have a default value, which is 100, one to 100.
Of course, if you want to make this even more so, I can say something like this range and against
say range like that.
So it's going to go ahead and then get to the start and ending inclusive like that.
So it doesn't matter.
Either way would work.
I could just comment this out and then not pass anything.
And what you can do, of course, is whenever we call bill form for a range, you can just go ahead
and pass that or different numbers, whatever range you want.
So this modifier here that we're passing also that will be used, it's being used here.
So I can just change that to pass a modifier that way.
If for some reason or whenever we call bill form, we know we always going to use this modifier, it's
passed if nothing is passed.
Of course, it's just going to pass a default modifier.
So now we've tried it.
So now we're trying to customize even further the way everything is created.
So I'm going to pass a modifier again that we're passing along in our parameters or in this case, I
should say.
Pass it modifier there, so anywhere that it's needed, you can just pass that modifier.
OK.
And there you have it.
Let's go ahead and run it once again just to make sure we didn't break anything.
OK, there it is, let's put about 1000 nice numbers so we can see, OK, that's working still.
He'll go ahead and say 50 percent, that's $500 each person.
OK.
We said there were only two people.
There's one person, of course, going to be $500 and tip if the tip is 500, which means 50 percent
of the bill amount.
All right.
So everything is working great.
So we've done a lot of work here.
And most importantly, we were able to hoist some of the states from bill form to its calling function.
Composable function there.
OK.
Not all of them, but at least some of them.
OK, very good.
Ladies and gentlemen, what I would like you to do, of course, is to go and maybe practice by creating
different, different calculators so you can go online and look for other calculators.
Or maybe there is a calculator that we would like you always wanted to create.
Now you've learned at least how to put together a user interface.
You learn how to use state.
He learned how to really put together all of these little pieces and make your application work dynamically,
as you can see here.
So and one thing to notice is that we are driving the entire calculations solely through the inputs
that we're getting the data, the input that we adding into the app through the widgets, right through
the composable functions.
This is huge.
So I don't have a button that allows me to add the value and then set everything up and then click Calculate
which you could do, but you can see how easy it is.
We are dependent on the state of the data so that then we pass the data and there are some sort of reactive
component to to the functions that are receiving this on function functions that receive the data and
they know how to rebuild himself so that they can display the correct data.
OK.
This is real good.
Congratulations.
And I'll see you next.